.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\"
.TH LSS 1 "AUGUST 2012" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
lss \- The OpenLSS package manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lss [-hyvRUubSl] [-irp] <
.I pkg
.B >
.B [-s] <
.I keywords
.B >
.B ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B lss
manages the local package database for a target that is
running the OpenLSS framework.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-h --help"
Display help information
.IP "-y --yes"
Answer yes to all confirmation prompts
.IP "-v --verbose"
Increase verbosity and show underlying system commands
.SH PACKAGE MANAGEMENT
.IP "-U --update"
Syncs the local package database with the upstream
.IP "-s --search <keywords>"
Search the package database
.IP "-u --upgrade"
Upgrade the existing target
.IP "-i --install <packages>"
Install packages, can be a CSV of packages.
.IP "-r --remove <packages>"
Remove packages, can be a CSV of packages.
.IP "-p --purge <packages>"
Purge packages, like remove but processes additional removal hooks. Can be a CSV.
.SH LOCAL DB
.IP "--show-db"
Shows the local package db.
.IP "--db-file <file>"
When used with --show-db will show contents of a non standard package DB
.IP "-l --list"
List locally installed packages
.SH DEV
.IP "-b --build-db"
Builds the package database from a local tree.
.IP "--export-db"
Export the package database to the remote mirror.
.IP "--int-version <version>"
Show the integer version of a standard version
.SH USER SETTINGS
.IP "--default-do-backup"
Enable auto backups before all package operations.
.IP "--default-no-backup"
Disable auto backups before all package operations.
.IP "--default-db-dump='<dump command>'"
Set the database dump command to use when making backups, eg: mysqldump -u user db
.IP "--default-db-restore='<restore command>'"
Set the database restore command to use when restoring backups, eg: mysql -u user db
.IP "--default-mirror='<mirror location>'"
Set the mirror location to something non standard, accepts URL's and local paths.
.IP "--default-target='<target path>'"
Set thd efault target for the package manager. There should be one install per user.
.IP "--default-cache='<cache path>'"
Set the default cache path to something non standard.
.IP "--default-ui='<0,1,2>'"
set the UI mode to the following, 0=Text, 1=Menu, 2=Web
.SH FILES
.I /usr/lss/users/<user>.lss
.RS
Storage of user settings
.RE
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at http://bugs.openlss.org
.SH AUTHOR
Bryan Tong <contact@nullivex.com> Tony Butler <spudz76@gmail.com>