.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii lss.man
.\"
.TH LSS 1 "2012" OpenLSS "Website Package Manager"
.SH NAME
lss \- The OpenLSS package manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
lss [OPTIONS] --update

lss [OPTIONS] [--install --remove --purge] <packages>

lss [OPTIONS] [--show --set --add --del] --name <name> --value <value>

lss [OPTIONS] [UTILITY]

lss [OPTIONS] [LOCAL DB]

lss [OPTIONS] [DEV]

lss [OPTIONS] [PACKAGE DEV]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B lss
manages the local package database for a target that is
running the OpenLSS framework.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-h --help"
Display help information
.IP "-y --yes"
Answer yes to all confirmation prompts
.IP "-v -vv -vvv"
Increase verbosity and show underlying system commands
.IP "-q -qq -qqq"
Decrase verbosity and suppress errors, warnings etc.
.SH RUN-TIME SETTINGS
.IP "-t --target <tgt>"
Manually specify the target (this should be set into the respective def)
.IP "-m --mirror <mirror>"
Specify external mirror (mainly for dev functions)
.SH PACKAGE MANAGEMENT
.IP "-U --update"
Syncs the local package database with the upstream
.IP "-s --search <keywords>"
Search the package database
.IP "-u --upgrade"
Upgrade the existing target
.IP "-i --install <packages>"
Install packages, can be a CSV of packages.
.IP "-r --remove <packages>"
Remove packages, can be a CSV of packages.
.IP "-p --purge <packages>"
Purge packages, like remove but processes additional removal hooks. Can be a CSV.
.SH LOCAL DB
.IP "--show-db"
Shows the local package db.
.IP "--db-file <file>"
When used with --show-db will show contents of a non standard package DB
.IP "-l --list"
List locally installed packages
.SH UTILITY
.IP "--int-version <version>"
Show the integer version of a standard version
.IP "--clear-cache"
Clear the local cache (must update db afterwards)
.SH DEV
.IP "-b --build-db"
Builds the package database from a local tree.
.IP "--export-db --mirror=<mirror>"
Export the package database to the remote mirror. (requires --mirror)
.SH SETTINGS
All of these commands take %fqn% which is a Fully Qualified Name of a package such as "main/util/func"
.IP "--show=::<sys|usr|tgt|%fqn%>"
Show a respective definition file
.IP "--set=::<sys|usr|tgt|%fqn%>"
Set a setting value for the respective def (usr|tgt options, defaults to sys)
.IP "--add=::<sys|usr|tgt|%fqn%>"
Add a value to an array for a respective def
.IP "--del=::<sys|usr|tgt|%fqn%>"
Removes a value from an array for a respective def
.IP "--name <name>"
Name of the value to be modified
.IP "--value <value>"
Value to be set
.SH PACKAGE DEV
.IP "--export=<%fqn%> --mirror=<mirror>"
Export a package to the respective mirror
.IP "--refactor=<%fqn%> --dir=<dir>"
Pull files from a working directory to package based on the manifest
.IP "--create=<%fqn%>"
Create the basic def file for a package and package contents folder
.IP "--delete=<%fqn%>"
Delete the def file of a package, remaining files must be removed manually
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP "Update Package Database"
lss --update
.IP "Install Packages"
lss --install web,admin,staff
.IP "Remove Package"
lss --remove web
.IP "Purge Packages"
lss --purge staff,admin
.IP "Add Mirror to User Def"
lss --add=user --name mirror --value http://mirror.openlss.org
.IP "Add Restricted Mirror to Target Def"
lss --add=target --name mirror --value http://username:password@mirror.openlss.org/private
.IP "Change Default Target"
lss --set --name target --value /opt/lss
.IP "Change Default UI to Menu"
lss --set --name ui --value 1
.IP "Update package information"
lss --set=main/util/func --name info.version --value 0.1.0
.IP "Export a package"
lss --export=main/util/func --mirror=/data/mirror
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at http://bugs.openlss.org
.SH DOCUMENTATION
See more documentation at http://wiki.openlss.org
.SH SUPPORT
Visit our community forum http://forum.openlss.org

See our mailing list at http://list.openlss.org

For commercial support see http://support.openlss.com
.SH AUTHORS
Bryan Tong <contact [at] nullivex.com>

Tony Butler <spudz76 [at] gmail.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2012 EggPire LLC, All Rights Reserved.

.SH LICENSE
LGPLv3+: GNU LGPL version 3 or later <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html>.

This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it. There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
