.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii lssadmin.man
.\"
.TH LSSADMIN 1 "2012" OpenLSS "Website Package Manager Adminstration Tool"
.SH NAME
lssadmin \- The OpenLSS package manager Adminstration Tools
.SH SYNOPSIS
lss [OPTIONS] --build-deb --dir <debroot_dir>

lss [OPTIONS] --build-core --dir <core_dir> --mirror <local_mirror>

lss [OPTIONS] --test-core --dir <core_dir> --mirror <local_mirror>

lss [OPTIONS] --install-man --dir <man_src_dir>

lss [OPTIONS] --split-app=<app_map>

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B lssadmin
administrative tools for the lss package manager, also helpers for management lss applications.
NOTICE - many of these tools require a full dev tree please see the wiki for more details.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-h --help"
Display help information
.IP "-y --yes"
Answer yes to all confirmation prompts
.IP "-v -vv -vvv"
Increase verbosity and show underlying system commands
.IP "-q -qq -qqq"
Decrase verbosity and suppress errors, warnings etc.
.SH RUN-TIME SETTINGS
.IP "-dir <directory>"
Specify a working directory (SEE SYNOPSIS for dir types, SEE EXAMPLES for usage)
.IP "--mirror <mirror>"
Specify a local mirror for exporting (SEE EXAMPLES for usage)
.SH ACTIONS
.IP "--build-db --dir <debroot_dir>"
Builds a debian package from the current dev tree. (REQUIRES FULL DEV TREE)
.IP "--build-core --dir <core_dir> --mirror <local_mirror>"
Build all the core packages (used for testing and core development) (REQUIRES FULL DEV TREE)
.IP "--test-core --dir <core_dir> --mirror <local_mirror>"
Test the core, will use the current default target and WILL DESTROY the current default target. (REQUIRES FULL DEV TREE)
.IP "--install-man --dir <man_src_dir>"
(RE)Install manual pages for testing. (REQUIRES FULL DEV TREE)
.IP "--split-app=<app_map>"
Split an existing application into packages using the app map.
See http://wiki.openlss.org/doku.php?id=docs:howto:package_existing_applications for more details.
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP "Build debian package"
lssadmin --build-deb --dir /opt/openlss/deb
.IP "Build core packages"
lssadmin --build-core --dir /opt/openlss/core --mirror /data/mirror
.IP "Test core packages"
lssadmin -y --test-core --dir /opt/openlss/core --mirror /data/mirror
.IP "Install manual pages"
lssadmin --install-man
.IP "Split existing application to packages"
lssadmin --split-app=~/app_map.txt
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at http://bugs.openlss.org
.SH DOCUMENTATION
See more documentation at http://wiki.openlss.org
.SH SUPPORT
Visit our community forum http://forum.openlss.org

See our mailing list at http://list.openlss.org

For commercial support see http://support.openlss.com
.SH AUTHORS
Bryan Tong <contact [at] nullivex.com>

Tony Butler <spudz76 [at] gmail.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2012 EggPire LLC, All Rights Reserved.

.SH LICENSE
LGPLv3+: GNU LGPL version 3 or later <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html>.

This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it. There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
